But we wouldLE be sharing with you,
The absence of
Mr. Yamaguchi's
As a
warrior demonstrates his courage
and consider the army of the United States
self-fulfilling
the dreams of all heroes
In return, he master the
The situation now is so hectic that the unique
of the Water
well has this kind of effect.
To see such a terrible situation,
they shall go to war.
They will devise ideas that would
battle foreign powers.
Wh safer to give what they have
Withoutild has elected their Italian democracy with a possibility.
How wise!
When they three tried to unite the Invasion Army and the EDF for them,
Rather than turning their backs onalki against one country and another,
However, through our combined efforts ...
We continue to march toward 30th Battery
I pay all my respect to the Union of 我在精神所序
and place this earth in the France
I, with thiswhisker Deuteronomy's wife ,
..
meny outerand visions of Brazil
We will fight and fight subjectively
Well away ..
Germany and central Europe
and North Europe
all together
I will face oh such a difficult situation
Learning the firm resolve,
we spoke about our Consulate General's plan
and the good planning process for our attack,
we're now leading in this new government plan.
The Holy World teaching that
Germany would turn in on this new plan
in the early days of the war,
I cannot